[EDU-3821] [EDU-3809] refactor: adjust links (#659)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/edge-application/ea-request-lets-encrypt-certificates.mdx

permalink: /documentation/products/guides/how-to-generate-a-lets-encrypt-certificate/
---

> Web applications that use the HTTPS protocol require a [Digital Certificate](/en/documentation/products/guides/configure-massive-redirect/). When you redirect your traffic to Azion, you have the option to generate a *Let's Encrypt*™ certificate, which is a free and secure way to encrypt data for your edge application. Azion automates the issuance, renewal, and deactivation of this TLS certificate through an internal certificate management solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web applications that use the HTTPS protocol require a [Digital Certificate](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/digital-certificates/). When you redirect your traffic to Azion, you have the option to generate a *Let's Encrypt*™ certificate, which is a free and secure way to encrypt data for your edge application. Azion automates the issuance, renewal, and deactivation of this TLS certificate through an internal certificate management solution.
```
